Add two TF modules for brig (#244)
wireapp/wire-server-deploy: terraform/modules/aws-brig-prekey-lock-event-queue/README.md

Terraform module: Brig pre-key locking & event queue 
====================================================

State: __experimental__

> This module allows Brig to leverage AWS resources (A) to lock pre-keys during insertion and
> retrieval, and (B) to establish a message queue for internal events.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This module allows wire-server's brig service to leverage AWS resources (A) to acquire a lock using dynamoDB (used during insertion and retrieval of prekeys in cassandra to avoid race conditions), and (B) to establish a message queue for internal events (used e.g. during user deletions).
```

> Terraform module: Brig pre-key locking & event queue 

Reviewer 2: We need a single user, scoped to those permissions allowed on AWS.

Author: done with the last refactoring (putting the two modules back together). pls have another look.
